https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-21416 (#7966)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: global_hub/global_hub_import_hub_default.adoc

[#global-hub-importing-managed-hub-in-default-mode]
= Importing a managed hub cluster in the default mode

> To import an existing hub cluster as a managed hub cluster, you must import it in the default mode.  

Reviewer: `you must import it in the default mode.` is not accurate. User could import it in default mode or hosted mode, this page show how to import using default mode.
I suppose delete this line.

> Import an existing hub cluster as a managed hub cluster to help you control your different environments when you develop and deploy your applications. 

Reviewer 2: We call a managed hub cluster a local cluster, remember...so  I am wondering if there is a reason for not calling it this in this doc?

> Import an existing hub cluster as a managed hub cluster to help you control your different environments when you develop and deploy your applications. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Import an existing hub cluster as a managed hub cluster, which is the local-cluster, to help you control your different environments when you develop and deploy your applications. 
```

> Import an existing hub cluster as a managed hub cluster, which is the local-cluster, to help you control your different environments when you develop and deploy your applications. 

Reviewer: managed hub cluster is different with local-cluster, you need to revert the update.

[#global-hub-importing-default-prereq]
== Prerequisites

> . Disable the cluster self-management in the existing {acm} hub cluster by setting the `disableHubSelfManagement` setting to `true` in the `multiclusterhub` custom resource. This setting disables the automatic importing of the hub cluster as a managed cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Disable the the local cluster setting in the existing hub cluster by setting the `disableHubSelfManagement` setting to `true` in the `multiclusterhub` custom resource. This setting disables the automatic import of the hub cluster as a managed cluster.
```

Reviewer 2: Please in writing of this book, consider that you do not need to say acm hub cluster, especially when talking about the local cluster.

. Import the managed hub cluster by completing the steps in link:../clusters/cluster_lifecycle/import_intro.adoc#import-intro[Cluster import introduction].

[#global-hub-importing-managed-hub]

> == Importing a managed hub cluster

Reviewer 2: again with terminology here, we should all know what a local cluster is and we defined it early, so you can use that throughout.

To import an existing hub cluster as a managed hub cluster, complete the following steps:

. Set the label `global-hub.open-cluster-management.io/deploy-mode=default` to the `managedcluster` when you import the managed hub cluster. 
. Check the {global-hub} agent status to ensure that the agent is running in the managed hub cluster. Run the following command:
+
----
oc get managedclusteraddon multicluster-global-hub-controller -n <managed_hub_cluster_name>
----

> *Note:* If you upgrade {global-hub} from 1.4.x, you must manually add the label `global-hub.open-cluster-management.io/deploy-mode=default` to all the managed hub clusters.

Reviewer 2: Is this for all versions? If that is the case, you can remove 1.4.x and just say "To upgrade gh, you must manually...
